Self service cloud apps still have to be coded by developers in order to be accessed in the first place. And as for code-free solutions, they exist already. For example, certain areas of development can already be automated such as connecting islands of other people's software products together. These software islands known as Application Programming Interfaces (API) can be connected using tools  in order to produce something new or that just get a job done that bit more quickly.
 The automation of certain areas of software development such as Test Driven Design (TDD) is already taking place. And this is to be welcomed because automated discovery of flaws will speed up development. These approaches and techniques are already part of a developer's mindset. But ultimately, software development is more than just about writing code. It's about solving problems. Thinking programmatically can be divorced from writing code. The code is just the syntax that we used to talk to the computer. Programmatic thinking offers large educational and career value to students. It helps them to become better problem solvers in general. We actively encourage such thinking as this will outlast any coding languages or other supporting technologies that might might be currently on-trend. And our evolving content reflects that philosophy.
In addition to programmatic thinking we explore the area of User Experience Design. This area involves the development of an aesthetic design sensibility and vocabulary as well as emotional intelligence. We believe that learning the syntax of a particular language is only the first step in becoming a developer. The real value is the domain knowledge that can be applied to a particular problem. That domain knowledge and area expertise may be brought to the course via a student's previous employment background, or expanded upon through chosen projects on our programmes. The combination of developed problem solving skills and emotional intelligence makes for adaptive people. And in the future, adaptability is key skill required to navigate a working life. This is what we instill in our students.